in recent days
this video has gone viral where people are
debating the response from what you
can see in it in the video everything points to it
being a hidden camera in which they would
be recording Jennifer Lopez
while she was with didy but the
truth is that investigating a little
sincerely you do not have to be very
careful eh with social networks and with
speculations because maybe there are
very serious things behind the
protagonists we are
talking about but if you read in mudar
all with hoaxes and things that are lies there
comes a time when people do not believe
that there is anything true Jennifer Lopez
wore a peculiar dress and Jennifer
Lopez is not usually one to repeat a
dress on more than one occasion searching
a little you find that it is the
dress she wore to the
gramis party in 2000 and the
second thing is that it is not recorded by a
hidden camera, that is, when she leaves the
elevator there is a guy walking
back to record her with total shamelessness it is
a video camera from the time and that it is
made like that on purpose for
a separate documentary  He is less
than 60 cm away from Jennifer Lopez to film her and
leaves the elevator backwards to
continue filming her with all the shamelessness